Final Project 2
I am collecting 3 parameters: the timestamp, the temperature (in either Celsius or Fahrenheit), and has a standard ID. I would like to connect a button, so that temperature can be controlled rather than a longer chain of numbers. I have slowed down the collection for the purpose to limit input. 
In order to make the data into a website, I have two directions I can take. The first would more closely follow my original drawing idea. I would break up the times into morning, afternoon, and nighttime (roughly), in order to break up the temperatures into general meal times. If I turn the time stamps into integers, I could pull apart the temperatures for each time of day. For example, I could if clauses to pull out the morning by turning the hours and minutes into a large number where 0 is the start of the day and 10:30 is end  point for collecting temperature data. These numbers would need to be cumulated into one number representing time in order to do calculations. Hours could be represented in minutes or altered to be a percentage of the day.  Using this number and if clauses I can separate the data into these three categories. I also can use if statements to set the background color to change with the temperature in each section, based on an average.  The color would be picked from a range of colors.
While I originally discussed putting the average temperature representing a color, I think a second idea would be more interesting to see specific changes over time, as was suggested by the class. For this idea I would create a gradient over the temperatures, which when a temperature is recorded, for the color to then be selected based on the temperature number for each recorded temperature and displayed as a bar or line across the page. As the temperature increases the reds could increase and blue can decrease, with the opposite true for temperature decreases (using the rgb color system). After the color is corresponding to the temperature, it would be displayed in vertical bars across the page, with the length of the page representing a full day. This would pull the time stamp in order to display the location. An additional layer can be added, which keeps track of different days and displays the older days at the bottom of the page, and the current day at the top. This could also mean that the sensor is continually running and placing data. General meal times could be written in type, and then you should be able to see a change from room temperature (unless the food is at room temperature).
